Boss Chen, you can let me have time in Shanghai now.
Boss Chen
You can't afford to lose, can you?
But a dirty trick like this
It is estimated that only Ye Chen can think of it
Are you fucking coming to the game again?
Right.
You gotta say it again
presumptuous
Get out of here now
Boss Shen, then we'll go first, stay
let go
I want to talk to you alone
It's okay, you go out first
You go down too
Let go please take a seat
Yilong Chan, one of His Majesty's four guards
Meet the little master
Ouch, what are you doing?
This is the dragon jade pendant worn by the owner.
After the dissolution of the temple of the king
Who holds the dragon jade pendant?
Who is the new owner of the temple of the king of gods?
The descendants of the master
You are the new owner who has been waiting for the summer vacation for 20 years